# RandoMona :older_woman:

RandoMona is a chat bot built on the [Hubot](https://hubot.github.com/) framework. It was
initially generated by [generator-hubot](https://github.com/hubotio/generator-hubot), and configured to be
deployed on [Heroku][heroku]

RandoMona was created for General Assembly's Software Engineering Immersive Remote 829. 
In hopes of creating automated systems through Slack using Hubot's Slack adapter. 

## Commands you want to use
With RandoMona added to the private channel you can `@RandoMona` and/or use the following commands to invoke her instance. 
When RandoMona is **waiting** for a command you do not need to direct your message `@RandoMona` <br>

Once RandoMona is installed, and invited to the room/private channel make sure to:
`@RandoMona the rules`
<br>

### Queue
To create a queue of students waiting to be helped. RandoMona is always **waiting** for the following commands. <br>

`q me` will add the student who typed this command to the queue. <br>
`next` will call the next student on the list. <br>

> if no students are on the list. She will send:<br>
> :tada: The Queue is empty party on! :tada:

### Random Student
When picking a random student
RandoMona is always **waiting** for the following commands: <br>

`random one` <br>
`pick one` <br>
`one` <br>

> this command will look into a neighboring file called `students.js` that holds this app's current student list

### Time
This is a hubot's built in feature.
RandoMona is always **waiting** for the following commands: <br> 

`time` <br>

> This gives the server's time where RandoMona's instance was created. <br>
> The response looks like: `Server time is: Thu Oct 10 2019 00:20:00 GMT-0400 (Eastern Daylight Time)`


